Implement warning and `--download` parameter when working with remote directories and SHA checksums (#74)
nf-core/datasync: docs/usage.md

For a directory input, the source root is the directory named in the samplesheet. For example, if the samplesheet `input` is `/data/run_001` and one file in that directory is `/data/run_001/reads/sample_R1.fastq.gz`, the checksum manifest path must be `reads/sample_R1.fastq.gz`. Do not write `/data/run_001/reads/sample_R1.fastq.gz` in the manifest. For a single-file input, use the input file name as the manifest path.

> Checksum manifests may use a `.tsv`, `.txt`, `.md5` or `.sha256` filename extension, but their contents are not tab-separated or comma-separated tables and must not include a header. Each record is plain text with the hash and path separated by exactly **two spaces**. The required fields are:

Reviewer: Do we have test cases with `.md5` and `.sha256` extensions? Or why was this added?

Author: We are not using it in any test case, but I added the option in case anyone wants to provide that file format

The pipeline also accepts an `s3://bucket/path` source or destination. In that form, ensure credentials and provider settings are available to both Nextflow and `rclone` in the execution environment. A named remote such as `source_s3:bucket/path` makes the selected configuration section explicit and is preferable when a config file contains multiple S3 providers.

## SHA256 checksum verification for remote inputs

When validating files stored on cloud storage providers (e.g. S3, azure, google cloud), only MD5 hashes are typically available through the storage provider (see [Overview of cloud storage systems](https://rclone.org/overview/)). SHA256 checksums are not exposed by the remote API, so they cannot be verified directly.

In order to validate SHA256 checksums for remote inputs, `rclone checksum` must download each file and compute its SHA256 checksum locally. If a `checksum_sha` file is provided for remote inputs, the `--download` parameter must be enabled. Otherwise, SHA checksum verification cannot be performed and the pipeline will terminate with an error.

> [!NOTE]

> > Providing `--download` does not force all files to be downloaded. It is only used when verifying SHA checksum files for remote source directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Providing `--download` does not force all files to be downloaded in all modules. It is only used when verifying SHA256 checksum files for remote source directories in `RCLONE_CHECKSUM`.
```
